c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\imagesIPM.xr.xml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\imagesIPM.exe
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\imagesIPM.pdb
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\imagesIPM.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\imagesIPM.exe
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\imagesIPM.pdb
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\Helpers\Smallmage.xbf
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\Helpers\Smallmage.g.i.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\Helpers\Smallmage.g.cs
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\Helpers\Smallmage.xaml
c:\users\krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\Helpers\Smallmage.xbf
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.dll
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.pri
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\imagesIPM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\imagesIPM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\WinRTXamlToolkit.pri.xml
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\bin\Debug\ImegeEdit.xbf
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\ImegeEdit.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\ImegeEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\ImegeEdit.xaml
C:\Users\Krzysiek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\imagesIPM\imagesIPM\obj\Debug\ImegeEdit.xbf
